.TH KEYLEDD 1 "keyledd __version__"
.SH NAME
keyledd \- a daemon for missing keyboard LEDs
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B keyledd \fR[\fB-hV\fR] [\fB-c \fR\fIconfig-file\fR] [\fB-p \fR\fIpid-file\fR]
.
.\" *******************************************************
.SH DESCRIPTION
.
.B keyledd
is a daemon that allows one to use another LED on their system in order to
emulate a missing keyboard LED. Because keyledd uses libevdev to monitor the
state of the keyboard LED on an input device, keyledd is able to run completely
independently of any display server or display environment.

keyledd allows for the configuration of multiple LEDs, and is able to restore
each LED's state after standby, hibernation, etc.
.
.\" *******************************************************
.SH OPTIONS
.
.SS
.TP
.BR \-h\fR,\ \fB\-\-help
Print a summary of command line options, and quit.
.TP
.BR \-V\fR,\ \fB\-\-version
Print the version of keyledd, and quit.
.TP
.BR \-c\fR,\ \fB\-\-config\-file\fR=\fIfile\fR
Specify an alternate config file for keyledd to use. By default, keyledd uses
__config_file_path__
.TP
.BR \-p\fR,\ \fB\-\-pid\-file\fR=\fIpid-file\fR
Specify the path for keyledd to store a pid file in. Only really needed when
keyledd is used with non-systemd systems. Requires that keyledd be compiled
with \fB\-\-with\-sysv\-style\-init\fR.
.
.\" *******************************************************
.SH FILES
.
By default, the majority of the configuration options for keyledd lie in it's
config file:
.PP
.BI __config_file_path__
.
.\" *******************************************************
.SH AUTHOR
keyledd was written by Lyude <\fIthatslyude@gmail.com\fR> when she was too sick
to work on anything serious, and got sick of not having a proper caps lock LED
on her ThinkPad.
.
.\" *******************************************************
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR keyledd.conf (5),
.BR systemd-logind (8),
.BR systemd (1)
.\" vim: set ft=groff :
