.TH KEYLEDD.CONF 5 "keyledd __version__"
.SH NAME
keyledd.conf \- configuration file for keyledd
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B __config_file_path__
.
.\" *******************************************************
.SH DESCRIPTION
.
This file configures the various parameters available to keyledd. Specifically,
which keyboard LEDs to mimic with system LEDs.
.
.\" *******************************************************
.SH OPTIONS
.
Each keyboard LED to be emulated is placed in it's own group. This group can
have any title (the title of the group is only ever used in error output from
keyledd). Each group has the following options available:
.TP
.IR KeyboardLed=
Sets the keyboard LED this group will be targeting. One of "capslock",
"scrolllock", "numlock", or "numberlock".
.TP
.IR InputDevice=
Sets the input device that will be monitored for LED changes. This must point to
a valid evdev device, e.g. anything in /dev/input that isn't a mouse. For evdev
paths that remain consistent throughout reboots, you can use the event nodes in
"/dev/input/by-path/".
.TP
.IR LedDevice=
Sets the LED device that will represent the keyboard LED. This must point to a
valid Linux LED device (e.g. something in "/sys/class/leds/").
.TP
.IR BrightnessOn=
Sets the brightness value that will be used when the keyboard LED is turned on.
This is optional and if not specified, defaults to 1.
.TP
.IR BrightnessOff=
Sets the brightness value that will be used when the keyboard LED is turned off.
This is optional and if not specified, defaults to 0.
.
.\" *******************************************************
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR keyledd (1)
.\" vim: set ft=groff :
